Remove "single-threaded" from JS intro page (#40047)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/index.md

{{jsSidebar}}

> **JavaScript** (**JS**) is a lightweight interpreted (or {{Glossary("Just_In_Time_Compilation", "just-in-time compiled")}}) programming language with {{Glossary("First-class Function", "first-class functions")}}. While it is most well-known as the scripting language for Web pages, [many non-browser environments](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript#Other_usage) also use it, such as {{Glossary("Node.js")}}, [Apache CouchDB](https://couchdb.apache.org/) and [Adobe Acrobat](https://opensource.adobe.com/dc-acrobat-sdk-docs/acrobatsdk/). JavaScript is a [prototype-based](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Prototype-based_programming), multi-paradigm, [dynamic](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Dynamic_typing) language, supporting object-oriented, imperative, and declarative (e.g., functional programming) styles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**JavaScript** (**JS**) is a lightweight interpreted (or {{Glossary("Just_In_Time_Compilation", "just-in-time compiled")}}) programming language with {{Glossary("First-class Function", "first-class functions")}}. While it is most well-known as the scripting language for Web pages, [many non-browser environments](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript#Other_usage) also use it, such as {{Glossary("Node.js")}}, [Apache CouchDB](https://couchdb.apache.org/) and [Adobe Acrobat](https://opensource.adobe.com/dc-acrobat-sdk-docs/acrobatsdk/). JavaScript is a [prototype-based](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Prototype-based_programming), [garbage-collected](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Garbage_collection), [dynamic](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Dynamic_typing) language, supporting multiple paradigms such as imperative, functional, and object-oriented.
```
